[Resource] Volumes bulk add and delete (#171)
powervs-ibm/terraform-provider-ibm: website/docs/r/pi_volume_bulk.html.markdown

---
subcategory: "Power Systems"
layout: "ibm"
page_title: "IBM: pi_volume_bulk"
description: |-
  Manages IBM Volume in the Power Virtual Server cloud.
---

# ibm_pi_volume_bulk

> Create, update, or delete a volume to attach it to a Power Systems Virtual Server instance. For more information, about managing volume, see [cloning a volume](https://cloud.ibm.com/docs/power-iaas?topic=power-iaas-volume-snapshot-clone#cloning-volume).

Author: I think I found the updated link for this, and updated here and in the volume markdown that uses that same link.

## Example usage

> The following example creates a 20 GB volume.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example creates 3 volumes of size 20 GB.
```
